HyunJin: I'm excited and nervous and excited and nervous
HyunJin: And I'm going to shoot a earring commercial~
HyunJin: I haven't given up yet!
JinSoul: Tada~
HeeJin: We're going up~
JinSoul: Finally we're going to film a group dance scene~
JinSoul: There's a lot of people here
JinSoul: So we're going up there divided into some groups!
HeeJin: Right!
JinSoul: It's 3JIN, a brand new combination!
HeeJin: HeeJinHyunJinSoul!
JinSoul: Oh~
HyunJin: Oh~ Is that your idea?
HeeJin: What?!?!
(Anyway, all 12 girls arrived at the rooftop!)
Choerry: Look, there are a lot of fireflies here!
HyunJin: Wow~
Choerry: Amazing~
(Although it's the rooftop of the budiling in the middle of the city, there are many fireflies!)
Olivia Hye: So many fireflies~
Olivia Hye: (Joke 1) So I think I might eat one of them while singing
Yves: (Joke 2) Wow~ you must be full~!
(Now it's YeoJin's turn to keep joking!)
(Failed!)
YeoJin: We're going to work!
Olivia Hye: Fighting!
(Filming group dance for 'Hi High' is just getting started with fireflies!)